you
mance lipscomb a thumb like the other
Texas blues man lying in hopkins didn't
alternate the bases you just hit one
base let it down to this hand
immediately on the f let's see sometimes
on the open strings now you can see
immediately that you have to be very
careful with this technique for example
if you don't damp immediately well you
don't damp in the correct way then the
strings little ring you'll hear the full
force of the note and it sounds a little
bit strange to the sea he will lift his
finger off to play and opened up there
so it carries the card of a pattern on
the base knows
look at the way that maps played this
song and we're going to look at a few
variations as we move through it
particularly the addition of what early
Hawkins calls grace notes that is in
many tablature you'll see the main notes
to hit with your fingers but often when
you hear the performance of the old
blues guys there's something else there
there's a note or two editing
we have a basic Secord
and sometimes the finger move over to
the bass string on the third fret to
make this shape we use F but never a
full F we use this shape we play this
shape for this reason if it played the
full shape all our left hand fingers are
occupied but if we just play this shape
then this little finger could move
around it can play the last string the
sixth ring you can bend on the fifth
string
you
we've seen as we slide up I caught you
with another man and after ma'am you hit
the c7 chord was it sent
you